[core] Create new @material-ui/private-theming package (#25986)
mui-org/material-ui: packages/material-ui-private-theming/README.md

# @material-ui/private-theming

> Theming utilities to be used in both `@material-ui/styles` & `@material-ui/core`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React theme context to be shared between `@material-ui/styles` and `@material-ui/core`.
```

Author: I'll update the `package.json` accordingly 👍
